you strong against the likes to talk
don't see or Nidalee coming through so
far they split and as you can see a 0%
is what's been basically gifted to him
on the play and they weren't able to
continue to deny in farm because of so
much fighting but Miami going in and it
kicks away takes away where the planes
gonna run on to enrage so that's what I
was talking about earlier on Saints
gonna follow super battle to the death
didn't know nice work with the Saints
called off to the wall where everyone
comes aboard for was and it was very
good pretty good finally get some farm
but now that I pushing on to this Midway
a little bit our position your SK gaming
other you got no ad carry but captain
pandora is coming from the side they
gonna try to focus down Freddie that's a
whirling damage with a colles one boy
head to itself is running uses the
intervention and Freddie got away
Sanskrit comes all the way through but
he's gonna play with his life but now
it's Kate trying to narrow wash away
from the speed up robbing way into the
team away from his teammates and Men
showdown here's a terrible onto paler
yeah this is dangerous take the lantern
to wear just be over no mrs. and Kayla
may get away from this won't slow down
Jesus comes in from the side branch
chomps down though to pick up the kill
very nice a crisp we're here for
misspeaking using the to feel Freddie
him Sofia so bumpy writing both the DS
in front line is here need to go in an
inhaler taking a lot of damage hey look
I'm very very deeply actually hole Cox
wants let's go in there is Impaler
coming back down they're gonna try and
finish I'm can t find that they don't
manage you though he's off to the side
down the two men will chase their minor
that two killed they went far too deep
on that one Percy been raising can grab
anyone else no he can't they get the
toilet in required for my scaling the
rest of ska gonna be closing in on them
is the kick still there no Spence when
using earlier of course they're gonna go
straight toward selfie who will flash
away from things selfie Joss hobbies
ultima available if needs be I'm not
sure that they gonna keep changing they
will keep Jason though every do see
and intervention already use what it's
truly gonna be timed out Jesus gets that
one and now it's all of this around who
goes dodgy hole to the rest of the team
you can't take them on it's a double
kill for jealous a little bit too
aggressive use both these ominous here
trying to pick up inside think they'll
clear out quickly they're starting power
and start 30 minutes and 45 very risky
the game's beers already coming through
there's a big slow hook on some pillows
on to Joe Go Go signal for support group
hello HP as well it's gonna be at least
one kill maybe even two coming in there
will be a couple coming down boy still
have selfie paddling away his
intervention will run out sense canzoni
on top of him we saw higher actually we
calling out there from that bottom side
actually no virus dating players from
selfie will fail it off to the side
trying to get it washes ebook the plan
the plan was right in front of him he
ended up walking that one in and he may
even go down kog'maw battering him from
a range very self be going aggressive
towards med school now I'm Freddie
there's a disengaged from in rates and
mine have been chased around in circles
there and that one's and kill antique
and II do have slim good off to the side
eat it ought to be the hero here for sk
gaming or maybe that's ready these are
gonna real know what we will fail there
on the back side finished up by this
beer of genders but that's getting me to
evacuate now freddie's flashed out of it
coke lorries nowhere near these fries
this could be real bad news 4s case
that's a good Grassley roots coming out
of in racing but it won't st. James's
that is killer piece here and we will
failure going down jezus going down
nothing to stock ready then finally get
selfie down there Freddy mine haha one
the getting him into though he is a dead
matter what a hero though he gives it
here but so he walked all the way from
the bound down and out SK gaming to
start to pound kayla is nearby however
now in Baylor has to be
to stop this one from happening we are
gonna see nidalee coming around super
Haku a charging up through their own
jungle to try and get there in time
teleports are coming in as well impaler
so now by candy panda as Miami dives in
the baronies low the bar gets already
day gaming they're gonna try and
flashing it away from it they'll lose
one man candy finally goes down after
killing off the Impaler we should admit
but three men will survive look put a
cocoon on who go on to a me to hit a few
times already Sophie principes ass to
use a very early intervention but look
at that Jesus right in the middle of the
team we won't fail again the hot one he
gets knocked up in the process jezus
tried to run away uses the q SS on
himself well that's a double kill coming
in for mr. 08 e caring and the big tanky
trundle counter each other out on that
front if they react fast enough super
rockin pushing up there's a big speed on
so daddy daddy bonus dead that could
well spell disaster here for sk gaming
the ad carry down for them how are they
going to hold on now support can see in
their chance Maya doesn't want a tank up
to that much damage because he's gonna
need those help in the sphere and we see
you there on to selfie sounds are hardly
anything the next one is gonna flashback
I'll support we're gonna go for the win
Ian they caught out Freddie there's the
old saloon does it kill the boat though
and SK gaming I'm gonna try to fight
them away from the base will the water
damage there is let's go he kicks mr.
O's but they lock him up they finish him
up as well have they got more done in
four more of these kills mine is still
pretty healthy we will feel of the
obvious target he will in fact your back
amid a sacrificial lamb but aerated
washes on through doesn't have enough
time to kill mama sled screen should
have the damage to kill in paler if he
didn't land a clutch cocoon and walk
away this was with out candy pen that's
why as respawning
and he does absolute masters of damage
there is minor am I'm not automating
right into the middle of the team but
he's gonna pay the price tonight's going
gets that kill Baron wasn't reset this
time around and then gonna be able to
kill it but look at the SK gaming base
he's full of super minions they're
losing the Nexus tour its moral back is
already down they have to recoup the
superglue gonna try and keep it in
position here selfie himself will use
his ultimate on him you just go down in
the end for both Nexus turrets and out
then sk gaming needs are equal to
remember to defend and now teleport
already coming they want to go for the
finish I want to try and win this game
right here and you have to feel that
they're gonna with that numbers
advantage we will fail will be single
their unfinished are both exits always
go down take the Nexus so so close to
losing it to super minions right